how are you doing and today we are going to do
a recipe that will allow you to succeed
a spectacular way are the machines and
you will see how easy it is for it
we have to heat first the
oven to 200 degrees and now let's go to
through the tulip ingredients
sugar flour yeast yogurt milk
eggs raisins and cherries raisins
we will start mixing tulip with the
sugar in the blender add tulip
we will start at moderate speed
we continue and add the eggs
beat until the dough is
homogeneous
while we are going to disperse the yeast
in the flour
we started by adding the little flour to
little to the mix
trying to make the dough homogeneous
the dough is perfectly homogeneous
thanks to the tulip texture
we stopped
and we are going to add milk and yogurt
we add without first beating the milk
we beat slowly
so that the milk is integrated into
the mass we increase the speed
the dough is perfectly integrated
we take out the bowl
we make sure that in the background
from the bowl there is no part of
no ingredient that has not been
mixed we add the yogurt
we started to integrate it
yogurt will also give us flavor
sponginess
we mix well
we add raisins and cherries
you pass and we mix and mix it
everything perfectly so that we have left
perfect delicious muffins and
also fluffy and soft thanks to
Tulip and finally we will see well
to fill our mobiles for
muffins or for muffins that comes to
be the same then we take the dough and
we introduce it in the molds up to three
quarters of your volume because then
remember that in the oven they will go up
once we have the molds filled
up to three quarters of its volume as
we had commented we are going to
place the oven in the oven
we have 200 degrees
and we introduce the muffins
and we just have to wait for 20
25 minutes
and after 25 minutes let's see how
our delicious muffins have been left
carefully remove the tray
and there we have the magnificent result what
we let cool to then add a
little bit of icing sugar and finally only
we have to decorate the muffins for it
we can help smaller there
We have icing sugar and we're going to
sprinkle over then the only thing
what we have to do is simply
make the icing sugar fall by way of
snow above these muffins and
finally there we have our muffins
super juicy super fluffy and super
tasty with tulip
thank you very much for following us